Progression System

Story:
	While I am dead set on telling this story in this game, I have come to accept that a multiplayer game cannot rely on a story to carry the game, and consequently that the bulk of actual play time will be spent in dungeons, and the complete script will not be that long. Ultimately, this is meant to be a game for multiple people to play over and over again, in which the groups may be different every time. People occasionally reread the same book twice, but this is not usually a group activity. The gameplay must stand on its own and be enjoyable even without the story. 
	Because of the random nature of the dungeons, the story will progress based on deterministic nodes like boss fights and static objectives. the paths the players take to reach these points will vary, but the results will be similar even if the players must sometimes make choices.

Characters:
	Stats:
	After a long discussion, it seems that characters should not gain flat bonuses to base stats like damage and hitpoints in linear fashion. Consequently, any concept of gaining levels seems obsolete. Instead, these will be obtained from skills.
	Skills:
	While I dislike flat stat bonuses, I do intend to implement skills. skills improve on flat modifiers in two ways: first, they are non-linear and therefore easier to balance. slowly increasing base damage forever and ever will eventually force the enemies to become stronger and even things out. granting a unique skill that increases damage will not ever have to become obsolete, because we can guarantee that a given player cannot raise his base damage stat past a given level. Secondly, skills allow players to make tactical decisions by either limiting the number of skill points available (and ensuring that there will always be more skills than points) or by making some skill sets mutually exclusive (i.e., one may choose the cautious trait or reckless trait, but not both). since skills do not need to scale indefinitely, they can provide unusual or unique bonuses. 
	To discourage grinding for combat bonuses, I plan to base skills off of story progression. Each boss slain provides a skill point.
	Abilities:
	
Rewards:
	Gold:
	In-world, gold is a primary motivator for the characters. however, the things that motivate people to seek wealth in real life are abstracted out in gnoll raider. In order to motivate players to pursue wealth, we propose to implement an achievement system where gold is a static bonus objective. every dungeon contains a certain amount of treasure randomly dispersed through its chambers. each dungeon maintains a series of achievement thresholds based on treasure collected. the main objective is always the minimum level of achievement. each time a player achieves a new threshold of gold, he is rewarded with some kind of bonus. 
	Story Achievements:
	Completing the main objective of a quest allows players to progress to the next level. In addition to the main objectives, there are occasionally bonus objectives. Bonus objectives will be diverse and specific to the dungeon, as will be the rewards for completing them.

Implications for saving and Loading:
	We will continue to base saving and loading off of individual characters. 
	The biggest problem raised by saving individual characters is that of mismatched character progressions. when a character who has reached a high level of achievement joins a game created by a character of a lower level of achievement, the discrepancies arising between the two must be resolved. 
	For story, this should be handled unilaterally. The creator of the game (who is also the host) is treated as a special case, and is referred to when determining story progression. 
	For other forms of advancement, it seems reasonable for players to retain their own set of advancements. each player maintains his own records on a given dungeon. it is possible that, in a given group, beating a dungeon with 5000 gold pieces may result in some characters earning a reward (those who have never earned this level of gold on this level) while others earn nothing (those who already got the reward in a different playthrough). Similarly, players 