"An honorable duelist was expected to expose his body to his opponent's blade, with the understanding that he might be killed.
An honorable conversationalist is expected to expose his mind to his opponent's arguments, with the understanding that he might be wrong."

"I've been proved wrong so many times in the past, I've started to doubt my omniscience."

"Some people are able to transcend political divisions by becoming so full of love for every single human that they will adopt any method as long as it helps achieve the greatest human happiness, and feel a genuine pang when even the "best" methods invariably fall short. Other people transcend political divisions by becoming anti-social jerks who don't give a H***** about politics. Bet you can't guess which one I am...." *TROLLFACE*

"I strongly subscribe to the 'Nurture Trumps Nature' school of thought, but that doesn't mean I'm politically correct. Unless your name is Jean-Paul Sartre, You are are either racist or culturist (ethnocentric)."

"political correctness, as today's popular opinion defines it, requires that a person either abandon reason or adopt the philosophy of jean-paul sartre whole, and even then you're still questionable."

"people from nigeria, zimbabwe, india, tonga, I don't consider them 'black'. sure they tend to have darker skin than your average russian or norwegian, but as far as I know, they don't throw riots when a criminal gets shot by a cop, demand that college presidents step down when drunk students use racist slang, or think that everyone with light skin is automatically racist, which means that for all intents and purposes, they're basically white. if you want to nitpick about ancestry, well, ask dawkins which continent humans originated on. you'll be surprised."

"To the extent that you deny the influence of biology character, you confirm the influence of your upbringing." "That is unless your name is jean-paul sartre, in which case you take complete responsibility for all your actions, and thereby screw thyself"

"Political correctness implies the ability to reconcile multiple contradictory views. To be perceived as being politically correct when speaking about such issues, one must be either a liar or an idiot."

farside style vegetarian jokes
*shows a couple being served salad. the woman is a gnoll*
"Sorry for not mentioning it earlier, but my wife is an obligate carnivore"
or
"Reginald, what were you thinking? we can't serve that, mrs. johnson is an obligate carnivore and will be deeply offended"
or
"I'm sorry, my religion forbids me to eat non-bacon today"
Yeenoghuism - the only religion that obliges its followers to eat bacon 



The Old, The lame,
The Weak and the small,
Kill them.
Kill Them!
KILL THEM ALL!
 - Pro-Death Campaign Slogan

This poster shows a guy with a gas-mask and a grenade, a ninja, a satanist, a guy with a really big gun, and in the background it shows some buildings being hit by exploding planes. there are footnotes about how death is a natural part of life and stuff about legalizing murder.

That's right, we're repealing all gun-control and giving everyone in the country a small complimentary firearm. If this depresses you, well, you now have a pistol and one bullet, so...yeah