Right now, I am pretty far-gone in the direction of some kind of a multiplayer adventure game. since the implementation of multiplayer, I have frequently had second thoughts about the advisability of such a course, considering I will never be able to support anything beyond LAN, but second thoughts are a luxury an independent developer can ill afford. Obviously, the game will be playable (hopefully enjoyable) with only one player, but assuming I don’t have the time to make two entirely separate games (I don’t), many aspects of the multiplayer design will have a direct bearing on the single-player experience. 

 I always wondered why nobody released multiplayer adventure games anymore, and now I have an idea why. Back in the console golden age when multiplayer gaming usually involved physically placing four people on the same couch and physically wiring them all to the same machine, which would be located in the same physical room at a distance of no greater than six feet, it would have made sense to force these same four people to slog through a 50 hour adventure together and save their progress to the same physical cartridge. I know plenty of people who still make time to get together with the same consistent play group and play online games with the same kind of organizing strategies that enable people to play tabletop roleplaying games. However, all of these games are vulnerable to shifts in party roster, a vulnerability which most modern online games seem to have avoided through random team-building systems. Anything online requires servers and security, and I will not have much in the way of either of those for a long time. In fact the jump from LAN to online is possibly even more dramatic than the jump from single-player to multiplayer, even though the code itself doesn't need to be changed much.


"We can't turn them all out on account of a few psychos. Most of the former skarzaki have become loyal clansmen and are adjusting well to civilian life. All these thieves, murderers, hitmen, and con-artists are being rehabilitated and getting legitimate jobs as lawyers and insurance salesmen!"
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!"

Here is some concept art for Hazir the witchdoctor. While Hazir is supposedly the spiritual leader of the khurikash clan, and enjoys a seat on the clan council in this capacity, he is an unrepentantly scheming manipulator who, among other things, secretly runs both a shifty fortune-telling business and an even shiftier life-insurance company in his spare time. He is, incidentally, the closest thing the khurikash gnolls have to a licensed physician. I'm not exactly sure how to work him into the story right now, but I'm sure he'll show up somewhere.

Ragsheer is one of the lieutenants of chieftain Kazahir. The title "slayer" is bestowed on senior hunters who have earned the right to lead other gnoll warriors in battle. As the commander of one of the khurikash clan's biggest special forces teams, he will probably be one of the characters in charge of doling out missions during the game. 

The gnolls of the east-lands are, in general, averse to forms of government that unduly hamper the freedoms of individuals. While gnolls enjoy the security and power provided by large numbers under coordinated leadership, their hardy, scavenger physiology makes them less dependent on each other for basic survival, and are thus less inclined to sacrifice for the common good. For this reason, non-military hierarchy is almost entirely a social phenomenon, and is intentionally loose. The few functions of government that gnolls will tolerate are carried out by military leaders, the raid-masters and chieftains. Smaller clans may be ruled by a single chieftain, while others may require several chieftains. in the latter case, the chieftains will usually elect a supreme warchief to bring a measure of decisiveness into the clan's affairs. The Khurikash are unique in their refusal to elect a new warchief after the death of the previous one.


I have a confession to make. Deep down, I'm not really a game developer, I'm just a dungeon master without any adventurers. I like reading stories, and I like writing stories. The reason I write games instead of stories has to do with the fact that when you write a novel, everything any of the characters say or do must come from the mind of the author. Sometimes you reach a point where a character becomes so well developed that it takes on a life of its own, and seems to speak and act independently of the writer, but for me these characters appear only rarely and after a lot of writing, and at that point I usually find myself unable to convey their depth, experienced from countless unwritten adventures, in writing. When you read a story, on the other hand, you are introduced to completely autonomous characters with personalities entirely distinct from the reader. However, in order for these characters to exist, the reader must step back and become merely an observer. The reason I like games like dungeons and dragons is because they allow these two traits to coexist. 

I have a confession to make. Deep down, I'm not really a game developer, I'm just a dungeon master without any players. I thought making a video game would be a good substitute. The story for this game is based on a campaign I wrote but was never able to play, and one of the npcs was my character from back in the day. I'll also confess that Kikirak was my character back in the day, and was originally going to be one of the protagonists. 

